# Setup your environment

You will need to set up an appropriate coding environment on the computer you expect to use for this assignment.
Minimally, you will need:

- [git](https://git-scm.com/downloads/)
- [Python (3.8 or higher)](https://www.python.org/)
- [Pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/)

# Check out a new branch

Before you start editing any code, you will need to create a new branch in your GitHub repository to hold your work.

- You will be given a link generated by GitHub Classroom. Click on the link and follow the instructions there. Github classroom should create a corresponding repository for you.
- Go to the repository that GitHub Classroom created for you. It should look like `https://github.com/CSC483-583-Spring-2025/hw0-python-<your-username>`, where `<your-username>` is your GitHub username.
- Create a [branch](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-and-deleting-branches-within-your-repository/) through the GitHub interface.
- Name your `<branch>` as `yourlastname_yourfirstname_dev`
- Clone the repository to your local machine and checkout the branch you just created. Your command must be similar to :
  ```
  git clone -b <branch> https://github.com/CSC483-583-Spring-2025/hw0-python-<your-username>.git
  ```

# Write your code

You will implement one function isPalindrome (all further instructions given in the initial code).

Also, you **should not edit** these files:

- `test_palindrome.py`

# Test your code

Tests have been provided for you in the `test_palindrome.py` file.
To run all the provided tests, just type/run `pytest` from command line from the directory containing `src/` or any of its subdirectories

If your code passes the test cases, you will see output like:

```
============================================= test session starts ==============================================
platform darwin -- Python 3.10.9, pytest-7.1.3, pluggy-1.0.0
rootdir: /Users/myuser/Desktop/Spring2025/CSC-583/Classroom/hw0-python
plugins: playwright-0.3.0, anyio-4.6.0, base-url-2.0.0
collected 8 items

test_palindrome.py ........                                                                              [100%]

============================================== 8 passed in 0.03s ===============================================
```

# Submitting your code

As you are working on the code, you should regularly `git commit` to save your current changes locally and `git push` to push all saved changes to the remote repository on GitHub.

To submit your assignment,
[create a pull request on GitHub](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request/#creating-the-pull-request), where the "base" branch is "master", and the "compare" branch is the branch you created at the beginning of this assignment.
Then, go to the "Files changed" tab and make sure that all your changes look as you would expect them to.
There are test cases that will be run automatically (via., [Github Actions](https://github.com/features/actions)) when a pull request is submitted.
These are the same as `pytest`.
So if your code passed `pytest` in your machine, it’s highly likely that it will pass in GitHub. Nevertheless, you should make sure that you see a green tick mark or a message saying “All Checks Have Passed”. If your test cases are failing, you will get an error message.

Click on the link which says `details` and find out what is causing the issue or which test case is not passing. Once you have identified that, close the pull request, fix the errors, and raise another pull request.
**Do not merge the pull request.**

Your instructor will grade the code of this pull request.
Pull requests submitted after the deadline won’t be considered.
You don't have to submit the code on D2L.

# Grading

The purpose of this assignment is to primarily check that you successfully accept a Github classroooms assignments, write simple code, push the solutions, and know what “passing all test cases” looks like.
